Week1:
We set up the group, we had one face-to-face meeting and online meeting.
We had an idea that we would do a student-tutor system.
I prepared for technical depth and its scale of the system

Week2:
Review for the frontend demo, and having a brainstorm with members to fulfil the final proposal.
Worked for technical depth and its scale and listed out some team skill set, as well as the background.
Also set up the backend with python flask, created a team email account for signing up the diagflow.

Week3:
Mostly working on and finish background and the epic of data extractor module of the final proposal.
starting on the first sprint. set up the data extractor API, trying to update the unit test

Week4:
Finished the testing file for data extractor, listing all the postgraduate courses of master we have in the UNSW.
Set up AWS(RDS) for connecting with database and created some tables for testing connection.
We also discussed the idea for implementing consultation.

Week5:
Fix the codes for data extractor for course handbook. Store course handbook into database. Working on database funtions with Steve.
Discussing with team members on how to design for the consultation. We might set the timeslot in advance like per hour for each consultation with
specific lecturer. Catch up the codes updated by Benny for the Dialogflow with our backend.

Week6:
Adding consultation, classroom and WAM table in the database. Also inserting some data in these three tables.
Importing Pandas in Classroom and WAM functions when aiming to searching location or WAM.
Adding round time function for consultation

Week7:
create databse tables for course time tables and anncouncement, as well as adding data to them.
add database functions for time tables and anncouncement.
Finish consultation with Benny and Steve.

Week8:
fix the bug for UI, adding get all courses function, adding more training for cancelling consultation and adk courses
adding email module with sending outline, booking confirmation and cancelling confirmation

Week9:
update the repsonse for asking location, adding new functions for announcement query and asking for all courses query,
add ratings data to database