Week 1
Group formed. Help setup the Github repository and project board. Had a meeting with 
all the team members on our business model and tech stack that we would use. Also 
discussed on our tasks to for the first sprint and project proposal that is due in week 3.

Week 2
Completed the task for a simple frontend demo and had team meetings to discuss the requirements
for the project proposal. Completed the technical scope and development methodlogies section of 
the project proposal.

Week 3
Worked on the project propsal mostly this week. Wrote the section for some epics, improved the
aim and background section of the proposal. Also formatted the report. Assigned tasks for the 
first sprint.

Week 4
This week I started by moving the frontend to use react-redux instead of just pure redux. 
After I finished that, I updated the unit tests for frontend and then worked on the query module
and the NLP trainer for dialogflow. I completed the trainer such that we can now easily
train the agent through code instead of using console on Dialogflow. The aim of this is so
we can collect user data and use it to enhance our models even further.

Week 5
Update the dialogflow trainer to be able to do follow ups and use contexts. Also updated training
data and test cases for it to ensure accurate intent and entity detection. I also finished setting up
on the CI/CD build pipeline using Circle CI 

Week 6
Updated training data to train more intents and followups. Also finished the deployment pipline using
nginx, docker and Heroku. Started working on file upload in both frontend and backend for the automation
training feature.

Week 7
Worked on management module's automation pipeline by setting up AWS S3 for file storage. Updated database
code to access AWS S3 files. Also worked on documentation for automation pipline to describe its features
and how it is different from Dialogflow console. 

Week 8
This week I worked on finishing the automation pipline in management module by integrating it with main
backend code and linking it to the frontend. I also worked on the dashboard's frontend and some of the
backend data analytic code. Also finished authentication for both frontend and backend by setting up
the redux store and navigation. Also updated the API requests to send usernames to help backend identify
which user is using the API so that some API like WAM query can perform it's features.

Week 9
Worked on the data analytic dashboard's frontend and backend. I looked at the graphing library echarts.js 
for the frontend and studied how to use the react version of the library. At the end, we managed to finish
the data analytic dashboard and also worked on debugging the response module and linking up all the modules 
together to complete the software.
